you know we have been so incredibly
blessed to be showered with such an
amazing awards but to be recognized by
your own community and and to realize
how much the show actually means on how
warmly it's received and how how the
community has been has taken pride in it
it it really isn't it it's a special
acknowledgement and and you know it's
just really wonderful to feel like we're
not just reaching far and wide and
having grand appeal throughout the
country but that we're staying true to
where the show started and what the show
means for the communities um a lot more
excitement I think that you know our
first season was wonderful but it was
also a very young season and and and we
were still finding our groundings I'm
still finding what the show was and what
we were about and and and now they the
writers have Silvio Horta the writer
creator and his incredible writing team
have just steamrolled straight ahead and
the show is going to new heights and new
links and great writing and hopefully
good acting and Freddy Rodriguez is
joining our cast for him which is
wonderful another latina actor which is
and it's a wonderful role not at all
typical to what you'd expect and he's an
incredible actor and I'm sure he'll just
nail it and you know it's exciting for
me to get to act with as many cute boys
as they let me so yeah
um yeah it was sent someone else picked
it for me um I'm not spending to I try
to not think about it as as long as I
can it is a real women have curves was
my first lead role in a feature film and
I had the extreme not just honor but
fortune to act alongside Lupe Ontiveros
who bestowed so much experience and so
much knowledge to me as an actress and
just as a woman and as a human being and
she's um she's truly phenomenal and I
and I do feel like I owe a lot of I
think my focusing my career on her
because she told me early on to know who
know who you are because in this
business that will be constantly
questioned and constantly challenged and
you'll have to go back to what you know
about yourself and what you know is real
and and she she started that in me and
so I have a lot to her um I actually I
couldn't sleep so I went over to one of
the writers had a gathering at the
writer how the one of the writers have
homes and we were together yeah we were
watching it live so it was really
exciting yeah the the category of comedy
series got really frightening because it
goes in alphabetical order and ugly
betty was the last one and just watching
as each box got filled and not see honey
and then finally Ugly Betty and that was
a great triumph because the show is
nothing without every single component
that's a part of it and and I've been
lucky enough to kind of be I guess the
face of the show but I am by no means
you know the complete show and and and
every part of the show is so crucial to
what it is
um I love the girls that I work with on
that in that movie amber tamblyn and
blake lively and alexis bledel we became
really close so it was wonderful to get
to spend time with them again so no I
can't give that away there are pants
yeah and traveling yeah you know I've um
I am I haven't done a lot of it but I
feel really fortunate to be in a
position where you know I get to on a
very small level bring stories that I'm
really interested in and and and and
work with filmmakers that are young and
extremely talented and need that first
you know opportunity to show what
they've got and and I've done several
independent films in my career so far
and and continue to work with first-time
directors and it's always a really
amazing experience because the
first-time directors are hungriest and
they want it so bad and and some often
their first is their best because they
wanted that much and so to be able to
you know work with incredibly talented
directors or writers it just kind of it
at the point in their career where where
they're breaking through is really
riveting so um well education was always
a really important part of my upbringing
my my mother instilled the values of
education and me and my five siblings
from from right out of the MOOC with the
womb and I I've you know and this goes
back to what I was saying about Lupe
Lupe made me promise her that I would
get my education and and so did many
other incredibly talented people and
smart people that I was fortunate to
encounter early on in my career who said
we're counting on you to to be smart
because as actors we owe it to ourselves
and to each other to
represent artists as educated people and
I think we were in a time or maybe it's
always been this way where where there's
their artists and then there are
celebrities and and true artists have an
obligation to be educated and so I tried
to get my education yeah no problem okay
thank you guys